FuGen Group 2
Gerrell Bones
Hayden Stone
Christopher Costa
Peyton Rivera

FALL 21’
CEN 4010  Principles   of   Software   Engineering


CHEP’S
28th September 2021


OVERVIEW / EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Chep’s is a social media site for campus to campus student’s. Our goal is to provide a world for our college students to share, 
interact with other students and universities across the U.S . It’ll be great for incoming freshmen to be able to interact with
the college population to one get to know the campus and lifestyle of different universities. Also it can be provided to spread 
awareness of things of social events, and be able to stay connected with people that have the same lifestyle as you. We understand 
that there are tons of social media sites to compare to, but our competitors will be tested through our niche market of one of the top content creators


Data Overview

Name                                                                      Description                                             Data Type
First Name                                                                First name for your profile                             String
Last Name                                                                 Last name for your profile                              String 
University Name                                                           College Name 3 Options(FAU/FIU/FSU)                     String/HTML Dropdown button with options
BIO (field)                                                               Field in profile for expressing yourself                String
The Mural                                                                 The post or tweet to your friends and community         String




Chep’s Features
1.)Niche vital marketing group
2.)College business promotions
3.)Specific marketing group
4.)Personal and Long distance networking
Specific information able to be carried to and from individuals


Competitors Features
1.)Global Market
2.)Ad Promotion
3.)Established customer/ fan base


Competitive Analysis
The advantages of having an inner circle social media platforms networking amongst upcoming entrepreneurs, similar majors,
and people who work in places. You can end up upgrading your college experience by being able to connect with students from
nearby universities and your own as well. The app is designed for students to just be free about the real side of college life
with updates.


High-Level functions:
1.)REP YOUR MASC!!!
Rep your mascot is the way to choose from different universities/ communities to be a part of.
2.)CAMPUS 
Campus will the scroll feed of your (class ”MATES”. You’ll be able to scroll and post updates of whatever you want on the CAMPUS feed.


Non-Functional Requirements
1.)Updating CAMPUS information
Updates the information provided on CAMPUS when the user refreshes or opens the site again.


High-level system architecture
1.)HTML/ CSS
2.)JAVASCRIPT
3.)VISUAL STUDIO CODE / COMPILER



Team
Gerrell Bones - gbones2018@fau.edu
Hayden Stone -   @fau.edu
Christopher Costa - @fau.edu
Peyton Rivera - @fau.edu



Checklist
b) Team found	a time slot to meet outside of	the class.DONE
c) Front and back-end	team leads chosen
d) Github master chosen.DONE
e) Team ready	and able to use the chosen back and	front-end frameworks.DONE
f) Skills	of each team member	defined and known to	all 3..DONE
g) Team lead ensured that all team members read the final M1 and agree/understand it before submission.DONE


